Issue 4677 - always relative path in skip report (#6953)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/4677.trivial.rst

> Path in report skip reasons is always relative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path shown in the summary report for SKIPPED tests is now always relative. Previously it was sometimes absolute.
```

I also think marking the change as "trivial" is selling it short -- I would use "bugfix" instead.
